= Cucumber

The main website is at http://cukes.info/
The documentation is at http://wiki.github.com/aslakhellesoy/cucumber/

== Tags hash feature

This 'version' of Cucumber enables hash tags. This feature is backwards compatible, as tags that are not hash items per se are treated
as hash items of the kind: {key => true}. 

=== Requirements

This patch requires my version of Gherkin at http://github.com/kristianmandrup/gherkin 
which adds Hash tags support for Gherkin.

=== Usage example

Example:

@estimate:3 @authors:mikec;brianm @wip

=== Specs that demonstrate Hash tags feature

Specs are included to demonstrate the Hash tags feature. See the directory: spec/cucumber/ast/hash_tag

<pre>
$ rspec spec/cucumber/ast/hash_tag/feature_hash_tag_spec.rb 
..

Finished in 0.0245 seconds
2 examples, 0 failures
</pre>

Snippet of code from spec factory:
<pre>
f = Ast::Feature.new(
  background,
  Ast::Comment.new("# My feature comment\n"),
  Ast::Tags.new(6, ['one:1', 'two:2;3']),
</pre>

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with Rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Running tests

  rake

If you get errors about missing gems - just install them.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2008,2009 Aslak Hellesøy. See LICENSE for details.

*The Hash tags feature is donated to the Cucumber project by Kristian Mandrup. I hope it finds its way into an upcoming release!*
